Hey, everyone!
My name is Andria Jensen
and I'm a consulting engineer
helping our enterprise customers
with their app-development
efforts.
Today I'd like to talk to you
about what's new
for enterprise developers.
We see Apple products
being used around the world
by businesses of all sizes
and across industries
in more ways
than we ever imagined.
Enterprise developers
make sure our devices
are used most effectively
for business.
Whether it's a point-of-sale app
in a retail store
or a flight-planning app
for airline pilots,
you rely on our platforms to
provide the tools and features
you need to do your best work
and enable others to do theirs.
This year at WWDC,
Apple announced major updates
across software platforms,
including iOS, iPadOS, macOS,
and watchOS.
There were a lot
of announcements this year,
with sessions discussing
all of these topics and more.
I'm going to highlight ones
I think will be
most relevant to you,
including the new data-scanner
API allowing for minimal code
to create your own
barcode-scanning interface,
Live Activities and Lock Screen
widgets to show current data
from your app at a glance.
And these are just the start.
To better navigate
all of this new information,
I'm grouping things
into related areas
that we'll continue to reference
throughout this session.
And as I go through each
of these at a summary level,
I'll be pointing you
towards additional sessions
you can watch in
the Developer app
or on the website
to learn more.
OK! Let's get going.
We'll start with Siri.
And iOS 15 and before,
SiriKit and Intents
have been a way for your apps
to leverage the power of Siri.
This year,
we announced App Intents,
a new Swift-only framework
designed to make it faster
and easier to build
great actions for your app.
Unlike the previous way of
making SiriKit custom intents,
new App Intents do not
require intent definition files
or generated code.
And if you have
existing custom intents
with intent definition files,
it's easy to convert them over.
Simply click the
Convert to an App Intent button
in your existing
intent definition file.
Once you have
an app intent created,
you can use it to build
the all-new App Shortcuts.
When an app is installed,
so are its app intents
and App Shortcuts,
making shortcuts
immediately available in Siri,
Spotlight Search,
and the Shortcuts app
before the app is ever opened.
This means there is now
no user setup needed
to create an App Shortcut;
they're automatically
available to users
and have predefined phrases.
Those initial trigger phrases
can now also contain parameters,
making it faster than ever
to invoke a shortcut
to do exactly what you want
in any moment.
Since App Shortcuts
are installed with the app,
an Add to Siri button
is no longer needed.
But users will still need
to be made aware
of the phrases you've
included with your app.
So we've introduced two ways to
make shortcuts easy to discover.
The Siri Tip view
helps people understand
what shortcuts are available
and how to use them.
And a new Shortcuts link button
has been added,
so it's easy to jump
into the Shortcuts app
and see all of the App Shortcuts
your app offers.
Your app is limited to 10
predefined App Shortcuts,
so those installed with the app
should be focused
and well-defined.
This allows the people
using your app
to create even more
efficient workflows.
We introduced two new modern
ways to leverage Siri
with app intents
and App Shortcuts,
and helpful ways
to discover them
with the Siri tip view
and Shortcuts link.
Check out these WWDC sessions
to learn more
about integrating these
in your apps.
So that's Siri.
Widgets are a great way
to leverage Siri intents
for surfacing relevant details
of your app at a glance.
The new app intents are great
for powering App Shortcuts,
but for those using intents
to power widgets,
you should continue to use
custom SiriKit intents
and intent definition files.
With iOS 16,
you can use WidgetKit
to build complications on
the Lock Screen for iPhone.
And complications on
the Apple Watch are now built
using Widget Extensions as well.
So you can write code once
for iOS 16 and watchOS 9.
You can even share
that infrastructure
with your existing
Home Screen widgets.
Let's look a little closer.
iOS 15 introduced system widgets
on iPhone and iPad,
and watchOS 7 introduced custom
complications using ClockKit.
New in iOS 16 and watchOS 9,
WidgetKit can be used
to build widgets
for the new Lock Screen
and complications
on Apple Watch.
We've added new widget
family types for iOS and watchOS
that replace the previous
ClockKit complication families.
So now whether you're
on iPhone or Apple Watch,
you'll have a few common
widget types to choose from:
rectangular,
circular,
inline,
and a special type just for
Apple Watch, accessoryCorner.
We've also added
new rendering modes
to support the new
system styles in iOS 16
so you can make sure
your widget feels at home
no matter what style
your user prefers.
This year we're introducing
another powerful way
to leverage
your Widget Extensions:
Live Activities.
Live Activities make it easy
to stay on top of the things
that are happening in real time.
They're displayed
on your Lock Screen
or from the new Dynamic Island.
Live Activities use
WidgetKit functionality
and SwiftUI for
their user interface.
This makes the presentation
code of a Live Activity
similar to widget code.
It also enables code sharing
between your widgets
and Live Activities.
However, Live Activities
don't use a timeline for updates
like widgets.
ActivityKit was
introduced in iOS 16.1
to handle the life cycle
of each Live Activity.
You use it to request, update,
and end a Live Activity.
In addition, Live Activities
may also be updated
by receiving remote
push notifications,
so your Live Activities
can stay in sync
when data changes
on your back end.
Imagine using this in aviation
apps to monitor wind speed
in real time for making
safety decisions;
or retail and food service
managers could see
real-time stats
for their shift at a glance.
Here's what you might find
on the Lock Screen
for an iPhone 14:
a Live Activity
persistently displayed
without unlocking the phone,
such as up-to-the-minute status
on a current order.
With the iPhone 14 Pro
and iPhone 14 Pro Max,
you also see Live Activities
on the Lock Screen,
and in addition,
you'll also see Live Activities
on the new Dynamic Island.
This allows for displaying and
interacting with real-time data
across the system at a glance.
So a delivery driver can see
their current delivery
information,
a field worker can see relevant
data for their current job site,
and a shift worker can keep
track of their current hours;
all of this in real time
without unlocking the device
and even while
using another app.
We introduced new widgets
for the Lock Screen
and deprecated
ClockKit complications
in favor of Widget Extensions.
Widget Extensions now power
Apple Watch complications,
Lock Screen
and Home Screen widgets,
as well as the new
Live Activities.
Learn more with these sessions
and start building
glanceable experiences
for your apps today.
That's what's new with widgets.
So it might surprise you,
but iOS and iPadOS
are the biggest augmented
reality platforms in the world,
and they help you
to bring your ideas to life
in more realistic ways
than ever.
New in ARKit 6,
we've introduced
a 4K video mode that lets you
run the camera stream
in the highest
image resolution yet.
We also introduced some
additional camera enhancements
that give you more control
of the video backdrop.
There were updates to
the behavior of plane anchors,
additions to the
Motion Capture API,
and new cities with
location anchors' support.
Powered by a ARKit,
RoomPlan is a new Swift API
that utilizes the Camera and
LiDAR Scanner on iPhone and iPad
to create a 3D floor plan
of a room,
including key characteristics
such as dimensions
and types of furniture.
Imagine the possibilities
with RoomPlan
in workflows across
architecture and design,
retail, hospitality,
and real estate industries.
With great updates to ARKit 6
and the addition of RoomPlan
for creating 3D floor plans,
there are even more ways
to integrate augmented reality
in your apps.
Learn more by watching
these Dub Dub sessions.
That was augmented reality.
Vision allows you to build
features that can process
and analyze images and video
using computer vision,
enabling your users to quickly
scan for relevant information
using just the device's camera.
This year, we announced new
revisions to text recognition,
barcode scanning,
and optical flow.
These revisions offer increased
performance and accuracy.
Barcode scanning now offers
faster scanning
for multiple barcodes,
barcodes detected per image,
and improved bounding boxes
for 2D barcodes.
Revision three of text
recognition and barcode scanning
serves as the foundation
for our great new Live Text
and data scanner APIs,
which I'll share
more about in a moment.
For text recognition, we now
support Korean and Japanese.
There's also the ability to do
language recognition
for cases where language
is not known up front.
But if you do know what language
the user will be trying
to recognize,
you should configure that in
the API for better performance.
Live Text was a system feature
introduced in iOS 15
that let you interact with data
in photos in brand-new ways.
This year, we announced
a new Swift API in VisionKit
that lets you bring Live Text
features to your own apps.
Built on the great Vision APIs
we just discussed,
the Live Text APIs work
beautifully on static images
and can be adapted for use
on paused video frames as well.
Now you can allow interaction
directly with text
inside of an image;
standard interactions
like Copy are available;
and data detectors
are available for things
like getting directions
to an address,
making a phone call,
or sending an email.
Users can even see text
translated into
their preferred language.
Finally, QR code detection
is also available.
All of this without having
to write complex code.
The Live Text APIs are great for
analyzing static image frames,
but sometimes you need to do
live-image analysis
using the camera,
such as for barcode scanning.
iOS 16 introduces a new
DataScannerViewController
as part of the
VisionKit framework
that simplifies data scanning
for developers.
This new view controller
will greatly reduce the time
you spend creating
a scanning experience.
We've taken all
the great Vision APIs
that we just discussed
and wrapped them
in an easy-to-use
drop-in UI component
that takes care of
the scanning interface for you.
Data scanner offers built-in
features for scanning text
and machine-readable codes,
using a live camera preview.
Customizable guidance labels
and item highlighting
allow you to help
your users easily find
and scan
the right things quickly,
Tap to Focus, which is
also used for selection,
and lastly, Pinch-to-zoom
to get a closer look.
Integrating the data scanner API
into your apps can reduce costs
associated with using
third-party scanning libraries
and allow you to create
beautiful scanning experiences
customized to your app's needs.
Whether your app is used
for scanning medical supplies,
retail inventory management, or
baggage handling for an airline,
the data scanner API
can handle it.
For machine-readable codes,
all of these symbologies
are supported,
including these
highlighted formats
we commonly see in enterprise.
You can even scan multiple codes
with different
symbologies at once.
And for text scanning,
we support content types
from street address to date,
time, and duration.
Imagine integrating this
into a travel or expenses app
that might allow employees
to scan their documents
and receipts for
relevant information.
New revisions were introduced
this year for text recognition:
barcode scanning
and optical flow.
And revision one for face
detection and landmarks
has been deprecated this year.
Remember,
it's always best practice
to use the latest revisions.
We've added support
for Korean and Japanese,
all of this powering new
Live Text and Data Scanner APIs.
To learn more and integrate
these great new APIs
in your apps,
check out these sessions.
That's what's new in Vision.
Now let's take a look at Maps.
Apple Maps has been
improving every year,
adding more visual detail and
a higher-quality map imagery.
This year, we took MapKit to
a new level with an all-new map.
Along with that, we're providing
a 3D city experience
which lets you move
around cities in amazing detail.
The 3D city experience
is available
in many metropolitan areas
around the world.
And now, you can include
this new experience
and the all-new map
in your own apps
without any additional code.
We've also introduced
a LookAround API,
allowing you to bring
this immersive experience
into your own apps.
Imagine working
for a plumbing service
and being able to visualize
each client address
before arriving
or being a delivery driver
servicing a large store like
this Safeway for the first time.
You can see the parking lot
and exactly where you need to go
in order to make your delivery
as well as how accessible
it might be for your truck.
With selectable map features,
you can now take advantage
of all the great annotations
that Apple Maps provides.
Before, you could see points
of interest provided by Maps
but could not
interact with them.
New this year,
we're changing that.
By using a default
annotation view
or creating your own
custom experience,
you can now interact
with points of interest
provided by Apple Maps.
MapKit has supported overlays
with several styling options
for years.
In iOS 16, we're improving
our existing APIs
to allow your overlays
to seamlessly integrate
with the map.
Notice here how the route
is occluded by the trees.
Finally, we've added
a new Map Configuration API
that enables you
to configure your maps
using different
types of displays.
A new property
for preferred configuration
has been added that
you should begin using.
There are three configuration
types that allow you
to choose what works best
for your map's context.
The image map
configuration is used
to present
satellite-style imagery.
The hybrid configuration
is used to present
an imagery-based map
with added map features,
such as road labels
and points of interest.
The standard map
configuration is used
to present a fully
graphics-based map.
These three map configurations
may sound familiar to you
as they're similar
to our existing map types.
MapType and the associated
MKMapView properties
for showing particular
map features are deprecated.
You should transition to using
the new Map Configurations API.
Our native frameworks offer
an amazing map experience.
To extend that experience,
we've created
the new Maps Server APIs.
With geocoding APIs,
you can convert an address
to geographic coordinates
in latitude and longitude;
reverse geocoding
does the opposite,
allowing you to take coordinates
and turn them into an address.
The Search API lets you pass
in a search string to discover
places like businesses,
points of interest, and more.
And the ETA API
will let you calculate
how far you are from
a given destination.
We introduced a beautiful
all-new map
and 3D city experience.
We've provided new MapKit APIs
for you to bring that experience
to your own apps,
with a new way
to configure your maps
and a few new
server APIs as well.
Check out these sessions
to get more details
on bringing these new
features to your maps.
That's Maps.
Next up, Weather.
Providing current
weather information
helps people stay up to date,
safe, and prepared.
This year, we announced the
all-new Apple Weather Service.
It's available as part of
the Apple Developer Program
for both apps in the App Store
and those published
as custom apps.
The Apple Weather Service
powers WeatherKit,
a new native framework available
on all Apple platforms.
And because a consistent
experience is important,
we're also providing a REST API
that can be used
to bring the Apple Weather
Service to any platform.
It uses high-resolution
weather models --
machine learning
and prediction algorithms --
to give you hyper-local weather
forecasts around the globe.
And we will always respect
your users' privacy.
Location is only used
for weather forecasts.
It's never associated
with any personally
identifying information,
and no user data
is ever shared or sold.
With WeatherKit, you can get
current weather conditions,
10-day hourly forecasts
for temperature,
precipitation, wind,
UV index, and more.
Minute-by-minute precipitation
for the next hour
and severe weather alerts are
available for select regions.
You can even get historical
weather data to identify trends.
Imagine integrating
WeatherKit into a field service
or aviation app where
the weather conditions
make a big difference
to the work environment.
We introduced the all-new
Apple Weather Service
which powers the new native
WeatherKit framework.
There's also a REST API to bring
WeatherKit to any platform.
All of this helping you
deliver hyperlocal,
up-to-the-minute forecasts
to your apps.
To find out more, watch
the "Meet WeatherKit" session.
And that was Weather.
Push-to-talk apps have
many uses in fields
where rapid communication
is essential,
such as healthcare
and emergency services.
In these fields, communication
needs to be real-time
and response times are critical.
In iOS 16, we've introduced
the Push to Talk framework
to help you create
this experience,
and I think this will be
a huge addition
for many of our
enterprise developers.
The Push to Talk framework
enables a new class
of audio communication apps
on iOS that provide
a walkie-talkie-style
system experience.
The Push to Talk framework
provides developers with APIs
to leverage a system UI
that your users can access
from anywhere without having
to directly launch your app.
The system UI allows the user
to quickly activate
an audio transmission
which will launch your app
in the background.
It will then record and stream
audio to your back-end server.
The new framework eliminates
special entitlements
and workarounds that,
in the past,
have kept walkie-talkie apps
running continuously
in the background.
With the Push to Talk framework,
the system will wake your app
only when needed
to preserve battery life.
Push-to-talk features have
a long history of use
by first responders
and law enforcement.
We've also seen increasing
use of push-to-talk solutions
in healthcare as well as retail
and warehouse environments,
where they're used
to support curbside pickup
or pick-and-pack use cases.
The Push to Talk framework
provides you
with a way to create
walkie-talkie-style apps,
utilizing a familiar
system interface
available from anywhere
on the device.
And it's designed
to be compatible
with your existing end-to-end
communication solutions
and your back-end
infrastructure.
To learn more about
implementing Push to Talk
in your apps,
watch this session from WWDC.
So that's Push to Talk.
This year, we made several
improvements to CarPlay
that we think are
great additions
for our enterprise customers.
Navigation apps can
now display maps
and turn-by-turn instructions
in a second location,
such as the instrument cluster
located directly
in front of the driver.
This is a great feature
for use cases
in field service, sales,
delivery, and transit.
All CarPlay apps require
the Apple Developer Program
and a CarPlay app entitlement
that matches your app type.
Previously, CarPlay entitlements
were limited to these app types:
navigation, audio,
communication,
EV charging, parking,
and quick food ordering.
This year, we've added
two new types:
fueling and driving task apps.
Fueling apps might help
a user start up a gas pump,
and driving task apps can enable
a wide variety of simple tasks
that a user might need
to do while driving.
These apps can be used
to help control car accessories,
like a trailer controller;
or help with tasks
at the beginning
or end of a drive,
like tracking mileage
for expense reporting.
We also made testing
CarPlay apps easier
with the new CarPlay Simulator.
CarPlay Simulator is
a standalone Mac application
that replicates
a CarPlay environment.
Once installed
and connected to an iPhone,
CarPlay will start on iPhone
and run just the same
as if you had it connected
to a real car.
And because your app is
running on an actual iPhone,
you have access to complete
iPhone functionality,
allowing you to test
any scenario necessary.
We've created the ability
to have turn-by-turn directions
in a second location,
added two new app types
as well as
the CarPlay Simulator.
Check out this session if you're
interested in learning more
about using CarPlay
with your apps.
So far we've looked
at some improvements
to frameworks used
throughout the system.
Now, I want to tell you about
the updates we've made
to our UI frameworks.
Something I'm really excited
about this year is Swift Charts,
a powerful and flexible
new framework
for transforming your data
into informative visualizations.
I think you're going
to really love it.
It uses the same concise syntax
that you're already
familiar with in SwiftUI,
allowing for effective
and customizable charts
built on minimal code.
Swift Charts has built-in
support for localization
and accessibility,
and just like SwiftUI,
Swift Charts offers support
for all Apple platforms,
so you can make your charts
truly available to everyone.
Swift Charts allows for easy
communication of patterns
or trends in your data.
Line charts, bar charts,
and scatter plots
are all easy to create.
And when you create a chart,
it automatically generates
scales and axes
that fit your data,
adjusting them as needed
when your data changes.
Swift Charts is an easy way
to bring charts like these
to apps that require data
reporting or visualization.
Think of the beautiful ways
you could bring Swift Charts
to your enterprise apps,
reporting dashboards,
sales trends, real-time
metrics, patient health data,
and anything else
you could imagine.
Swift Charts can help you
bring it to life.
With iPadOS 16, you can now
build some amazing new features
into your iPad apps,
making them truly desktop class.
We've added an all-new
Find and Replace UI.
Search now takes up less space
and is shown inline
in the navigation bar
on iPadOS,
It can also collapse
to a button.
Search suggestions appear
when the search is activated
and can be updated
as the search query changes.
And we've brought desktop-class
editing to the iPad.
Edit menus now have
alternate presentations
based on the input used.
For touch interactions,
you'll see the familiar menu
you're used to but with
a new paging behavior.
When using the
Magic Keyboard or Trackpad,
you'll see
a context menu presented.
UIKit is formalizing the
existing navigation bar styles
and introducing two new ones
with a denser
and more customizable layout.
Navigator apps have a familiar
push-pop navigation model.
This is generally
appropriate for apps
that display hierarchical data,
like Settings.
Browsers, like Safari or Files,
are ideal for viewing
and navigating back and forth
between multiple documents
or folder structures.
And editors are great
for focused viewing
or editing of
individual documents.
Just as we're getting
more specific
with the navigation bar styles
on the iPad,
we're introducing
new SwiftUI APIs
for more specific
navigation styles as well.
Until now, you used navigation
views for navigation-based apps.
This year, we're moving away
from navigation views
and have introduced
two more specific options
to handle navigation.
Let's start with
navigation split view,
which is perfect
for multicolumn maps.
Navigation split view
automatically adapts
to a single-column stack
on iPhone.
There's a two-column layout as
with the App Store Connect app.
There's even a three-column
layout like Notes.
Or the Mail app, which shows
a three-column layout
on iPad and Mac.
The single-column layout also
displays in Slide Over on iPad
and even adapts for Apple Watch.
Navigation stacks represent
a push-pop interface
for navigating forward and
backward in a stack of views.
We see this style of
navigation in many places,
such as the Settings app
or Find My on Apple Watch.
You can mix navigation stacks
with split views
for even more ways
to create your interface.
The new navigation stack
also allows
for an easy implementation
of deep linking
and programmatic navigation.
Along with these updates,
navigation links
have changed with iOS 16.
Navigation links are used to
present other views in SwiftUI.
In the Settings app, as you move
through the different options
and hierarchies,
navigation links tell your app
which view to present next.
Previously, navigation links
were configured
by providing a title and
a destination view to present,
but now they can
also be triggered
based on a presented data value.
Finally, navigation stacks
also keep track of a path.
Paths represent
all the data on the stack
as you move between views.
When the stack is
just showing its root view,
the path is empty.
As views are
added to the stack,
their values are
appended to the path.
Navigation stacks use
a binding to this path
to easily enable data-driven
programmatic navigation.
And for developers
using Device.name,
I've got some important changes.
Before iOS 16,
the UIDevice API allowed you
to access the user-assigned
device name.
To better safeguard user data,
the UIDevice.name API
will now return only the model
of the device instead
of the user-assigned name.
We realize that there are
some circumstances
where apps will still need
the device name.
Perhaps you have
a document-management app
where the user needs to see
on which of their devices
they last edited a file.
You can request
an entitlement to still access
the user-assigned device name
as you always have.
If you have an enterprise
or custom app
that requires Device.name,
please describe
your use case in detail
when submitting
the entitlement request.
Be sure to include whether
or not it's a shared device.
For a full list
of eligibility criteria,
check out the documentation
for the user-assigned
device name entitlement.
And that's UI frameworks.
We introduced Swift Charts for
beautiful data visualizations
and added several new features
to make the iPad
truly desktop class.
We've deprecated
navigation views in SwiftUI
in favor of using navigation
stack or navigation split view.
To make sure you're up to date
on all the latest details,
go to the Developer app and
get started with these sessions.
We just saw UI frameworks
that help you
build great interfaces in code.
Finally, let's take a look
at some ways we've improved
the tools you use
to design those interfaces.
But first, I'd like to take
a moment to talk about
why design matters
and not just for consumer apps.
Enterprise apps
that are well-designed
can make a huge impact
on your business.
Creating a consistent,
familiar interface
that your users expect
can make them more productive,
more effective employees.
And that saves the business
money on things
like training and support costs,
all while ensuring a high level
of adoption for your app
and efficiency for
your employee workflows.
Because design is such
an important component
of building great apps,
we created the
Human Interface Guidelines.
The Human Interface Guidelines
has long been
a comprehensive resource
to help you
create great experiences
across Apple platforms.
Now it's been fully
redesigned and refreshed
to meet your current needs.
The HIG has merged
its platform-specific guidance
into a unified document.
This makes it simpler to explore
common design approaches
while still preserving relevant
details about each platform.
It's easier to navigate
and is now searchable.
Coming later this year,
we're also adding change logs
for the entire set
of guidelines.
SF Symbols is a large library
of iconography
that allows you to bring
consistent icons to your apps.
With SF Symbols 4,
we've added 700 new symbols.
So now, there are more than
4000 symbols to choose from,
and all of these are now
available directly in Xcode
or from the SF Symbols app.
Rendering modes give you control
over how color is applied
to a symbol.
SF Symbols supports
four rendering modes:
monochrome, hierarchical,
palette, and multicolor.
These rendering modes allow
for a wide variety of ways
to display symbols in your apps,
choosing what works best
for a given context.
Previously, if no rendering mode
was specified,
the default would
always be monochrome.
With SF Symbols 4, we've added
a new rendering mode
called "automatic."
With automatic rendering,
individual symbols can identify
one of the four modes as their
own preferred rendering mode.
This allows each symbol to best
highlight its unique features.
For example, here, the cloud,
sun, and rain symbol
as well as the hexagon grid
prefer monochrome,
while the SharePlay and iPhone
radio waves icons
prefer hierarchical.
Automatic rendering will now be
the default mode
for all symbols and is preferred
unless another mode
is explicitly requested
for a certain context.
To help visualize
how symbols look
in different rendering modes
and configurations,
the SF Symbols app has gained
a new preview area
located in the right sidebar.
SF Symbols 4 also adds support
for variable symbols.
You can find
these updated symbols
by selecting the variable
collection in the left sidebar.
Variable symbols allow apps
to display different layers
of a single symbol based
on a value from zero to one.
An app can now use
a speaker symbol
to represent current volume.
At a value of zero,
the speaker waves are faded out;
and as the value
increases up to one,
the speaker waves
progressively fill in,
indicating the change
in volume level as it happens.
And if you're making
custom symbols,
you'll want to check out the new
unified layer annotation,
also shown in the preview area.
This allows you to have
a shared-layer structure
across rendering modes,
making annotation
faster and easier.
Continuing in design.
This year, we've added
three new width styles
to the San Francisco
font family:
condensed, compressed,
and expanded.
This means you have
more flexibility
when designing your typography.
You can see examples
of these new styles
in Photo Memories
and Apple News.
We've also added SF Arabic
and SF Arabic Rounded
to the system fonts,
making Arabic typography
on Apple platforms modern,
clear, and refined.
We've made it a lot easier
to add an icon for your iOS app
in Xcode 14.
In Xcode 13 and before, you had
to provide images of all sizes.
We're now only requiring
a single large-format image
for iOS.
The large app icon will be
scaled for display
on all iPhone, iPad,
and Apple Watch devices.
If you want to add custom images
for smaller sizes,
you can still add specific
icon images just for those.
This year,
we completely revamped
the Human Interface Guidelines,
brought you new icons
and ways to render them
with SF Symbols 4,
font additions,
and the ability to use
a single image for app icons.
To find out more, check out
these Dub Dub sessions.
Well, that was a lot,
but we made it!
Those were the highlights
from this year's announcements
that I wanted you all
to know about.
And I think there were
a lot of great things here
that you can use to make your
enterprise apps even better.
To learn more about
everything I've covered,
you can check out all of our
sessions in the Developer app.
Start using the new SDKs today.
And please provide feedback
as you explore the new features.
I can't wait to see how
you'll use these new tools
to improve your users'
experience
and make their jobs faster
and easier to accomplish.
Thanks for listening!